hello! this is the first version of the project. The main intentions with 
this version are: 

- a simple, user friendly UI. the objective of the website should be very 
obvious as soon as someone sees it. there is going to be a bar with faded 
text asking for a song to be input, the person will input the song, and 
the bar will increase and showcase 5 songs below the input.

- making sure that the backend with the spotify API and the youtube AuthO2 
are functioning well, and minimizing the cache load so the limit isn't 
capped too quickly.

- finally, making sure the backend to frontend integration works without 
any signifcant downtime.


forgot to mention-- hovering oover the song should make its sillhouette, 
body, which matches the #000000 black background, light up to a subtle 
dark grey. clicking on the song should ridirect the user to it.

very simple stuff. my main priority is deploying the project so my mentor, 
kieran, doesn't have to deal with another kid having nothing to show with 
the deadline looming.

i plan on updating this project after the Senior Project end continuously 
after the deadline. It began as an excuse to make myself code, but 
expanding this and learning from it-- even though it's insufferably 
stressful at times-- has given me some hope about what I can achieve with 
my work.


For version 2, I intend to do the following:
- Intro page. Will use cookies to store user's names and the song 
recommendations they got.

- will use spoti.py as well. i don't like Spotify's API, as easy as it is 
to use.

- cooler ui when i stop using AI as a crutch.


All code has been made on macOS Monterey, Version 12.1. The computer runs 
on a Apple M1 Pro chip. The backend runs on Python 3.13 and Flask 3.1. Not all code has been hand-typed. Escrito no Rio 
de Janeiro, no vinte-tres de Dezembro de 2024.
